memory-bank/activeContext.md, before:

# Facebook Marketing MCP Server - Active Context

## Current Work Focus
1. Ad account discovery and management functionality
2. Optimizing environment variable requirements
3. MCP tools integration
4. Facebook Marketing API integration
5. Documentation updates

## Recent Changes
1. Made FB_APP_ID and FB_APP_SECRET optional when using MCP tools
2. Added functionality to list all available ad accounts
3. Implemented getAvailableAdAccounts method
4. Added a command-line tool to list available ad accounts
5. Created MCP utility functions for better ad account management
6. Added package.json exports for additional ad account retrieval methods

## Next Steps
1. Implement the two additional ad account methods:
   - getOwnedAdAccounts
   - getClientAdAccounts
2. Enhance error handling for ad account listing
3. Add type definitions for ad account response objects
4. Expand documentation with ad account management examples
5. Implement additional MCP tools integration

## Active Decisions
1. Making some environment variables optional to simplify setup
2. Using TypeScript for type safety
3. Implementing ad account discovery features
4. Using MCP tools for enhanced functionality
5. Storing minimal required credentials

## Current Considerations
1. Additional ad account management features
2. Business account integration
3. Improved error handling for API rate limits
4. Enhanced documentation for ad account discovery
5. Additional MCP tool integrations

## Development Status
```mermaid
gantt
    title Development Progress
    dateFormat  YYYY-MM-DD
    section Setup
    Project Setup           :done, 2024-05-13, 1d
    Memory Bank Creation    :done, 2024-05-13, 1d
    section Implementation
    Core MCP Server        :done, 2024-05-14, 2d
    API Integration        :done, 2024-05-16, 3d
    Command Implementation :active, 2024-05-19, 4d
    Ad Account Management  :active, 2024-05-20, 2d
    section Testing
    Unit Tests            :2024-05-23, 2d
    Integration Tests     :2024-05-25, 2d
    section Documentation
    API Documentation     :active, 2024-05-27, 2d
    Usage Examples        :2024-05-29, 2d
```

## Priority Tasks
1. Complete ad account management functions
2. Implement remaining MCP exports
3. Update documentation with new features
4. Add comprehensive error handling
5. Create usage examples for ad account discovery

## Open Questions
1. Additional business account management features needed?
2. Performance considerations for larger ad account lists?
3. Additional MCP tools to integrate?
4. Best practices for credential management?
5. Additional error handling requirements?

Commit message:

feat: Enhance Facebook Marketing MCP Server with direct Graph API integration
- Updated package.json to include new scripts for testing and formatting.
- Removed facebook-nodejs-business-sdk dependency and implemented direct Graph API calls using fetch API.
- Updated README.md with new instructions for generating Facebook access tokens and managing ad campaigns.
- Enhanced activeContext and progress documentation to reflect changes in API integration and new features.
- Added new methods for retrieving campaigns and listing existing campaigns.
- Updated techContext and systemPatterns documentation to reflect the transition to Graph API v22.0.

memory-bank/activeContext.md, after:

# Facebook Marketing MCP Server - Active Context

## Current Work Focus
1. Ad account discovery and management functionality
2. Optimizing environment variable requirements
3. MCP tools integration
4. Direct Graph API integration
5. Documentation updates

## Recent Changes
1. Made FB_APP_ID and FB_APP_SECRET optional when using MCP tools
2. Added functionality to list all available ad accounts
3. Implemented getAvailableAdAccounts method
4. Added a command-line tool to list available ad accounts
5. Created MCP utility functions for better ad account management
6. Added package.json exports for additional ad account retrieval methods
7. Updated Facebook Graph API version from v18.0 to v22.0 to use the latest available version
8. Updated all API endpoint URLs to use v22.0
9. Updated documentation to reflect the new API version
10. Removed facebook-nodejs-business-sdk dependency
11. Implemented direct Graph API calls using fetch API
12. Created custom type definitions to replace SDK types
13. Removed all SDK imports from the codebase
14. Updated all methods to use direct Graph API calls
15. Simplified code by removing SDK-specific abstractions
16. Updated Memory Bank documentation to reflect API usage change

## Next Steps
1. Implement the two additional ad account methods:
   - getOwnedAdAccounts
   - getClientAdAccounts
2. Enhance error handling for ad account listing
3. Add type definitions for ad account response objects
4. Expand documentation with ad account management examples
5. Implement additional MCP tools integration

## Active Decisions
1. Making some environment variables optional to simplify setup
2. Using TypeScript for type safety
3. Implementing ad account discovery features
4. Using MCP tools for enhanced functionality
5. Storing minimal required credentials
6. Using direct Graph API calls instead of SDK dependency
7. Implementing custom type definitions for Facebook objects

## Current Considerations
1. Additional ad account management features
2. Business account integration
3. Improved error handling for API rate limits
4. Enhanced documentation for ad account discovery
5. Additional MCP tool integrations
6. Performance optimizations for direct API calls

## Development Status
```mermaid
gantt
    title Development Progress
    dateFormat  YYYY-MM-DD
    section Setup
    Project Setup           :done, 2024-05-13, 1d
    Memory Bank Creation    :done, 2024-05-13, 1d
    section Implementation
    Core MCP Server        :done, 2024-05-14, 2d
    API Integration        :done, 2024-05-16, 3d
    Command Implementation :active, 2024-05-19, 4d
    Ad Account Management  :active, 2024-05-20, 2d
    SDK Removal            :done, 2024-05-22, 1d
    section Testing
    Unit Tests            :2024-05-24, 2d
    Integration Tests     :2024-05-26, 2d
    section Documentation
    API Documentation     :active, 2024-05-28, 2d
    Usage Examples        :2024-05-30, 2d
```

## Priority Tasks
1. Complete ad account management functions
2. Implement remaining MCP exports
3. Update documentation with new features
4. Add comprehensive error handling
5. Create usage examples for ad account discovery
6. Finalize removal of any remaining SDK references

## Open Questions
1. Additional business account management features needed?
2. Performance considerations for larger ad account lists?
3. Additional MCP tools to integrate?
4. Best practices for credential management?
5. Additional error handling requirements?
6. Any advantages to using specialized API libraries in the future?
