memory-bank/systemPatterns.md, before:

# Facebook Marketing MCP Server - System Patterns

## Architecture Overview
The system follows a modular architecture with clear separation of concerns:
1. **Graph API Integration Layer**: Handles direct Facebook Graph API communication
2. **MCP Interface**: Manages Cursor IDE integration
3. **Configuration Management**: Handles environment and credentials
4. **Operation Handlers**: Processes specific advertising operations
5. **Response Formatters**: Formats API responses for Cursor IDE

## Key Technical Decisions
1. **TypeScript Implementation**: Ensures type safety and better development experience
2. **Modular Design**: Enables easy extension and maintenance
3. **Environment-based Configuration**: Supports different deployment scenarios
4. **Error Handling Strategy**: Comprehensive error management
5. **API Versioning**: Support for Facebook Graph API v22.0
6. **Direct API Integration**: Using native fetch for Facebook Graph API calls without SDK dependencies
7. **File Size Constraints**: Module files kept under 300 lines for maintainability

## Design Patterns
1. **Command Pattern**: For handling different advertising operations
2. **Factory Pattern**: For creating API client instances
3. **Singleton Pattern**: For configuration management
4. **Adapter Pattern**: For API response formatting
5. **Strategy Pattern**: For different operation implementations
6. **Facade Pattern**: Client class provides a simplified interface to the subsystems

## Code Organization
1. **src/utils/api.ts**: API request utilities and error handling
2. **src/operations/campaign.ts**: Campaign-specific operations
3. **src/operations/adset.ts**: Ad Set specific operations
4. **src/operations/ad.ts**: Ad specific operations
5. **src/operations/account.ts**: Account management operations
6. **src/client.ts**: Main client facade that delegates to operation modules
7. **src/config.ts**: Configuration and environment management
8. **src/tools.ts**: Tool schema definitions for MCP integration
9. **src/handlers.ts**: MCP request handlers implementation
10. **src/server.ts**: Slim main file that sets up and runs the MCP server

## Component Relationships
```mermaid
graph TD
    A[Cursor IDE] --> B[MCP Server]
    B --> C[Tool Handlers]
    C --> D[FacebookMarketingClient]
    D --> E[Campaign Operations]
    D --> F[AdSet Operations]
    D --> G[Ad Operations]
    D --> H[Account Operations]
    E & F & G & H --> I[API Utilities]
    I --> J[Facebook Marketing API]
    K[Configuration] --> D
    K --> E & F & G & H
    L[Tool Definitions] --> B
```

## Data Flow
1. Cursor IDE sends MCP command
2. MCP Interface receives and validates command
3. Client delegates to appropriate Operation Handler
4. API Utilities make API call to Facebook
5. Response processed and returned to Client
6. Formatted response returned to Cursor IDE

## Security Patterns
1. Environment-based credential management
2. Secure token handling
3. Input validation
4. Error message sanitization
5. Rate limiting implementation

## Error Handling Patterns
1. Structured error responses
2. Error categorization
3. Detailed error messages
4. Error logging
5. Graceful degradation
6. Centralized error handling in API utilities

## Testing Patterns
1. Unit testing for individual components
2. Integration testing for API interactions
3. Mock testing for Facebook API
4. End-to-end testing for MCP commands
5. Performance testing for API calls

Commit message:

feat: Implement case conversion for API compatibility using humps library
- Updated package.json and package-lock.json to include the humps library for consistent case conversion between camelCase and snake_case.
- Refactored ad, adset, and campaign operations to utilize humps for automatic conversion of request parameters, enhancing API integration and reducing manual conversion code.
- Enhanced activeContext.md and progress.md to document the new case conversion pattern and its implementation across operation modules.
- Improved error handling and validation in operations to ensure compliance with Facebook API requirements.

memory-bank/systemPatterns.md, after:

# Facebook Marketing MCP Server - System Patterns

## Architecture Overview
The system follows a modular architecture with clear separation of concerns:
1. **Graph API Integration Layer**: Handles direct Facebook Graph API communication
2. **MCP Interface**: Manages Cursor IDE integration
3. **Configuration Management**: Handles environment and credentials
4. **Operation Handlers**: Processes specific advertising operations
5. **Response Formatters**: Formats API responses for Cursor IDE
6. **Case Conversion Layer**: Manages camelCase to snake_case conversion for API compatibility

## Key Technical Decisions
1. **TypeScript Implementation**: Ensures type safety and better development experience
2. **Modular Design**: Enables easy extension and maintenance
3. **Environment-based Configuration**: Supports different deployment scenarios
4. **Error Handling Strategy**: Comprehensive error management
5. **API Versioning**: Support for Facebook Graph API v22.0
6. **Direct API Integration**: Using native fetch for Facebook Graph API calls without SDK dependencies
7. **File Size Constraints**: Module files kept under 300 lines for maintainability
8. **Case Conversion Pattern**: Using humps library for reliable camelCase to snake_case conversion

## Design Patterns
1. **Command Pattern**: For handling different advertising operations
2. **Factory Pattern**: For creating API client instances
3. **Singleton Pattern**: For configuration management
4. **Adapter Pattern**: For API response formatting
5. **Strategy Pattern**: For different operation implementations
6. **Facade Pattern**: Client class provides a simplified interface to the subsystems
7. **Transformer Pattern**: For converting between camelCase and snake_case in API interactions

## Code Organization
1. **src/utils/api.ts**: API request utilities and error handling
2. **src/operations/campaign.ts**: Campaign-specific operations
3. **src/operations/adset.ts**: Ad Set specific operations
4. **src/operations/ad.ts**: Ad specific operations
5. **src/operations/account.ts**: Account management operations
6. **src/client.ts**: Main client facade that delegates to operation modules
7. **src/config.ts**: Configuration and environment management
8. **src/tools.ts**: Tool schema definitions for MCP integration
9. **src/handlers.ts**: MCP request handlers implementation
10. **src/server.ts**: Slim main file that sets up and runs the MCP server

## Component Relationships
```mermaid
graph TD
    A[Cursor IDE] --> B[MCP Server]
    B --> C[Tool Handlers]
    C --> D[FacebookMarketingClient]
    D --> E[Campaign Operations]
    D --> F[AdSet Operations]
    D --> G[Ad Operations]
    D --> H[Account Operations]
    E & F & G & H --> I[API Utilities]
    E & F & G & H --> CC[Case Conversion]
    I --> J[Facebook Marketing API]
    K[Configuration] --> D
    K --> E & F & G & H
    L[Tool Definitions] --> B
```

## Data Flow
1. Cursor IDE sends MCP command
2. MCP Interface receives and validates command
3. Client delegates to appropriate Operation Handler
4. Case conversion transforms parameters from camelCase to snake_case
5. API Utilities make API call to Facebook
6. Response processed and returned to Client
7. Formatted response returned to Cursor IDE

## Case Conversion Pattern
1. **Consistent Interface**: Client accepts camelCase parameters (industry standard in JS/TS)
2. **Transformation Layer**: humps.decamelizeKeys() converts to snake_case for API
3. **Nested Object Handling**: Recursively transforms nested objects and arrays
4. **Documentation**: Clear documentation on expected format in file headers
5. **Type Safety**: Maintains TypeScript type safety through the conversion process

## Security Patterns
1. Environment-based credential management
2. Secure token handling
3. Input validation
4. Error message sanitization
5. Rate limiting implementation

## Error Handling Patterns
1. Structured error responses
2. Error categorization
3. Detailed error messages
4. Error logging
5. Graceful degradation
6. Centralized error handling in API utilities

## Testing Patterns
1. Unit testing for individual components
2. Integration testing for API interactions
3. Mock testing for Facebook API
4. End-to-end testing for MCP commands
5. Performance testing for API calls
